README.md, before:

# Tica Tica's Blind Box
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/responsive-design-main.png)

## Features

### Existing Features

**Navigation Bar**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/navigation-bar.png)

**The landing page image section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/the-landing-page-image.png)

**Benefits Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/benefits-section.png)

**Packages Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/packages-section.png)

**Events Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/events-section.png)

**About Us**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/about-us-section.png)

**Location & Contact Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/location-and-contact-section.png)

**The Footer**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/the-footer-section.png)

**Submission Form**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/submission-form.png)

**Gallery**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/gallery.png)

### Features Left to Implement

## Testing

### Validator Testing

### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment

## Credits

### Content

### Media

Commit message:

Fis form errors from w3 HTML validator

README.md, after:

# Tica Tica's Blind Box
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/responsive-design-main.png)

## Features

### Existing Features

**Navigation Bar**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/navigation-bar.png)

**The landing page image section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/the-landing-page-image.png)

**Benefits Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/benefits-section.png)

**Packages Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/packages-section.png)

**Events Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/events-section.png)

**About Us**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/about-us-section.png)

**Location & Contact Section**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/location-and-contact-section.png)

**The Footer**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/the-footer-section.png)

**Submission Form**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/submission-form.png)

**Gallery**
![This is an image](assets/images/readme.md/gallery.png)

### Features Left to Implement

## Testing

### Validator Testing

* No errors were found when passing the site through the official W3C validator
### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment

## Credits

### Content

### Media
